# Game Review 4
## Details
* Title: Number Sequence 
* Developer: eliolanda
* Release Date: September, 2018
## Summary 
  Number Sequence is a casual game through and through, it's a puzzle game that relies solely on one mechanic. In each level, you have several different numbers set out on a grid. There are two types of numbers, those you use to move, and those that have to be moved through. The numbers that you move are in a colored circle and assigned a number, while those that you have to be moved through are in a transparent circle with thier own number. The numbers that you move with operate in one of two ways; if the number is one, then for every grid square you move it, it's number increases by one, while leaving behind a trail of where it has been which serves as an obsticle for the other numbers you have to work with in the level. The numbers that begin with a number other than one decrease in value by one for each grid square moved.

  Solving each puzzle is simple in concept. All you have to do is pass the colored in cicles and numbers through the transparent ones, but only while they both have the same value. For example, if the game gives you a colored circle with a one in one place and a transparent circle with a five somewhere else, then you must have the colored circle move to the same square as the transparent circle, but the numbers on the two different circles must also be the same. When this happens, the transparent circle becomes colored in. In order to solve each puzzle, all of the transparent circles must be filled in. The real challenge comes from the fact that the trails of the colored circles you use cannot cross over each other unless it's where their values would be the same. With this, and the fact that for every square you move the value of your circle changes, the game becomes harder and harder the more circles of both types that you have to work with. 
  
## Final Thoughts
  Number Sequence is a simple, relexing puzzle game that has an almost nonexistent learning curve. It's simplicity lends itself to be an enjoyable in-and-out gaming experince to pick and play when you only have a few minutes. What I appreciate most about this game is that it gives you the ability to complete any level at any time. It's a nice convenience to have since often times you simply can't figure out how to solve a certain puzzle, and since it's supposed to be a casual, relaxing experience, it doesn't make sense for the game to force you to complete each and every level. 
  
  As with all good things, Number Sequence, too, has its flaws. It's problem is also one of its biggest attractions, it's simply a bit too relaxing. Being a relaxing experience is certainly nothing to complain about in a game, however, Number Sequence tries a just a bit too hard to be relaxing, and the price is that it spoils the game. Between the ability to skip levels, the game's visuals, sound design and music, the game becomes relaxing to a point of boredom. The ability to skip levels can make the game too easy, after all, if you've been stuck on a level for more than a couple of minutes then why not just skip it? The problem is that that and the other design choices give off far too little reward for actually completing levels. Since you can simply skip whatever is too hard, and completing what isn't too hard doesn't feel rewarding, what you're left with is a vague sense of boredom after a short amount of time. Number Sequence is a fun game, but only if you play it for small amounts of time. 
